and what we're going to do we're going
to fit these brackets on first they've
to support you at a bar hitch before we
install them but these nuts he will go
to a bracket on the rod so they go right
through the center heat in a washer
slide that back in there right through
the center heat all the way from the
roller back make that way it gets bolted
to the back
you can see the original bolts that we
pulled off the bar just put three line
it up to the light you want just put one
on each side
you
in the kit you should get these four
spaces two for each side what they do is
when you put your tape out each on there
you space them out between the Box the
factory bolts run up the top one on the
bottom
that's for your page these spaces here
game between the bar Rio and the table
our hitch to space it out so it doesn't
hit the bolts they're the factory bolts
you put your bolts right through with a
nap
so we decided to go over an Avenger King
one which it's a 12,000 pound winch not
powerful this 150 series proto out of
anything that we drove it into pretty
much on this windshield particular it
uses an external break the external
break allows you to put a rope on there
compared to some of the other winches
out there that use of internal break
which means the heat is going onto the
drum so having rope on that on that
internal break is gonna allow the heat
which is probably not good for rope so
if you don't be going for a synthetic
rope on your week maybe try and go for
an external break one to decide the
avenged one we've got here so raising
LIGO installed the winch first down and
I'll show you step by step on how to do
that okay as Mark was saying the other
leaf in the venture week yeah before we
go ahead and install the bull bar we get
greens ready to install on the crater in
the kits they shoot these off and square
nuts if you take off and they slide on
the winch right there should be 401 on H
okay yeah which is ready to go on
always make sure your ropes facing to
the bottom so it pulls from the bottom
instead of the top here so make sure you
always mount it up the right way now we
pick it up and slide it's great there
and screw the bolts from the bottom I've
already lined up to go one and the
bottom progress always good to have to
lift it up and put robot
I mean he need to give us a hand to lift
it up
in the kitch this when you do bother
you've cut out the rubber goes into it
when it's been cut so that way we wake
it up against the Boober
and you ain't getting these scratches or
damages to the plastic
once you figure that row into the cutout
of the bar then you put that on before
you just to move up
all original clips that you took off you
can put them back on now
all right and you can see the toaster on
no all talk properly well we do now is
just tighten everything up